{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1043{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\fs18 The Ecopath software version 6 is planned to be maintained, supported and extended for a many years to come. Ecopath version 5 is no longer under development but occasional fixes may be issued. Older versions, including the DOS version (2.2+) and the Windows version (3 and 4) are no longer supported.\par
The Ecopath software, copyright (C) 2012 UBC Fisheries Centre, Vancouver BC, Canada, is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free Software Foundation. EwE is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html"}{\fldrslt GNU General Public License}} for more details.\par
Ecopath cannot be guaranteed to be free of bugs. However, all known bugs have been removed or flagged. Please consult the Ecopath development online resources for the current status of development and known issues. Should you encounter problems or have questions, please do not hesitate to consult the user forums or contact us by email.\par
You are encouraged to register as a user in the {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://ecopath.org"}{\fldrslt ecopath.org website}} to participate in the Ecopath community. We also invite you to send brief descriptions of your ecosystem models to us. We look forward to fruitful interactions with you.\par
The Ecopath International Research and Development Consortium is committed to help users with their modelling efforts via the {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://ecopath.org/support"}{\fldrslt user support subscriptions programme}}. If you need assistance with your ecosystem model, or you would like us to comment, please contact us by email at ewedevteam@gmail.com. If possible, attach your data file(s) in a zip-file as this will facilitate examination of your model. Your data will never be used or distributed without your explicit consent.\par
}
